>> Estelle: Okay, so
I've been using lots of words and
I didn't tell you what the words meant.
So it's media, and
then it says screen and usually, right?
You don't actually need to have screen and
but it's just the common way to do it,
it just says screen and.
There's a word called only.
And basically it just leaves out
older browsers that don't understand.
It's basically a way to just
say only modern browsers.
And by older browsers I mean like,
well, here it would be print,
it would be an old printer.
You don't wanna reach an old printer, then
you put the word only in front of it and
then the browser wouldn't understand it.
So, in this case,
I was gonna say old IE, it's like,
no, this has nothing to do with IE,
it has to do with the printer.
So if you don't want to
hit an old printer, and
I don't know what the limit is of these
printers, but only is just a way of
leaving out old devices that
don't really fully understand.
They understand through CSS, the old
media queries, but not the newer stuff.
So the word and
means both parts must be true.
So it has to be screen and
a portrait orientation.
So then second one it's not,
both screen and color.
It might be screen, it might be color,
but it's not both screen and color.
So it only matches it if it's
either screen or color or neither.
And then in the last one,
there's a comma in there.
So it says, if it's print, right?
All printers, or if it's screen and
has a min-width of 480 pixels.
So that comma is basically saying,
what comes between each comma
is its own separate entity.
It could have an and and an only and
everything else, but then start over again
with the next thing it's gonna target,
that's what the comma means.
In the future, we are going to
be able to use greater than and
equals instead of min and max.
So basically this right here
says media is greater than or
equal to 600 pixels,
which means min-width 600 pixels.
Because when we had min-width, it means
a minimum width of 600, so it's inclusive
of 600, whereas the greater than sign
would be exclusive of 600 pixels.
And this one is something you would never
wanna use because it won't match anything.
So we don't have this yet but
we will have those new symbols.